c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\bin\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.exe.config
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\bin\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.exe
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\bin\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.pdb
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.telaLoginForm.resources
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.telaPrincipalForm.resources
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.exe
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.pdb
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.telaLivrosForm.resources
c:\users\bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.cadastrarLivroForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.procurarLivrosForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.configurarBancoForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.ecluirLivroForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.telaClientesForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.CadastrarClientesForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.ProcurarLocatarioForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.ExcluirLocatarioForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.telaEmprestimoForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.EmprestarLivroForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.DevolverLivroForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.autoresForm.resources
C:\Users\Bruno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Biblioteca_eveline\Biblioteca_eveline\obj\Debug\Biblioteca_eveline.autorEspiritualForm.resources
